c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.Export.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Binding.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Binding.Droid.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Core.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Droid.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Droid.Shared.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Localization.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Platform.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Platform.Droid.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ObjectModel.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Globalization.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\home\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomePrototypeMVVMCross\HomePrototypeMVVMCross.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.IO.dll
